Project log for Final Project:
Alex Proca

Day #1, #2 -04th of May Saturday:
We start working on the class computer, we installed Atom and learned some basics how to use it.
We start started creating the GitHub account. Explored LAMP software for Linux environment.

Day # 3, Monday May 06,
We covered most of the of the same subjects we covered on Saturday but for the Windows environment 
We tried and explored and practice Bootstrap and more practice on Atom IDE.
Start working on the UML project Shema.
We wrote our project outline and project description.

Day #4, Tuesday May 07, 
We worked with Git, personal and team members accounts, practiced collaborating on the same file and fixing the conflict errors.
Worked under our project idea to create a ‘Food School catering’ Website; Discussed all the details and created a work plan.
We corrected and resubmitted our UML schema.

Day # 05 Wednesday May 08,
I have installed XAMPP and we start looking into PHP following the online tutorial.
In the team we reviewed our contribution work.

Day #6 Thurday:
PHP tutorial

Day #7:
php login practice in class
link database with php
php tutorial and practice.
bootstrup


Sunday, May 12:
learned more about Bootstrap - 3hrs
Practice php and bootstrap 
made a research and selected peactures for our web site + worked on the text

Monday May 13:

Tuesday May 14

Wednsday May 15:

Friday May 17:
decided to follow only the w3schools tutorial as the most "easy to read" with the exapmled and result outputs - 3.5-4 hrs
css and bootstrap 2-2.5 hrs
php forms 1.5 hr

Sunday-Monday May 19-20:
creaged Contact us and About us page
50% ready with Orders page
changed pictures and updated text

Tuesday May 21:

Out team last meeting 2 hrs
linked the Login page
tests and project review

Wensday May 22:

Order page - 4hrs
created all the database for Order page
linked the Order page with the database

Thursday May 23:
stayed late at work until 9 p.m.
no power to work this evening

Friday May 24:
plan the presentation in team for tonoght
log file review


